\section{Welcome to the Evil Plan}\label{welcome-to-the-evil-plan}

\textbf{``The world is a dangerous place to live, not because of the
people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything
about it.''} - Albert Einstein

The evil plan (by programmers) to take over the world is progressing
nicely. Certain parts of that plan were initially somewhat undefined.
However, given recent results, this book can now fill in the missing
details from part4 of that plan.

But first, a little history. As all programmers know, the initial parts
of the plan were completed years ago. Part one was was programmers to
adopt a meek and mild persona (possibly even boring and dull).

Part two was, under the guise of that persona, ingratiated ourselves to
government and indistrial agenices (education, mining, manufacturing,
etc etc). Once there, make our work essential to their day to day
opertion. Looking around the world today, it it is plain to see that
part two was very successful.

After that, part three was to make much more material available for our
inspection and manipluation. To this end, the entire planet was enclosed
a digital network- thus giving us unprecendented access to petabytes of
sensors and effectors. Also, by carefully seeding a few promienet
examples of successful programmers (Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Mark
Zuckerburg), we convinced a lot of people to write lots of little tools,
each of which represent or control some thing, somewhere.

Part four was a little tricky but, as shown in this book, it turned out
not to be too hard. Having access to many models and much data can be
overwhelming-- unless some GREAT SECRET can be used to significantly
simply all that information. For the longest time, that GREAT SECRET was
unknown. However, recent advances have revealed the GREAT that SECRET--
if we describe something in \emph{N} dimensions, then there is usually a
much smaller set of \emph{M} dimensions that contain most of the signal.
The GREAT SECRET is that is it very easy (and fast) to find, then
exploit, those few number of \emph{M} dimensions.

\begin{wrapfigure}{r}{1.3in}
\includegraphics[width=1.3in]{img/evillaugh.jpg}
\end{wrapfigure}

With those controllers in hand, we are now free to move to part five;
i.e.~taking over the world. In fact, the truly evil part of this work is
that know you know you have the power to change the world. Which also
means (evil laugh) you have the guilt if you do not use that power to
right the wrongs of the world. So welcome to a lifetime of discontent
(punctuated by the occasionaly, perhaps fleerting, truimphs) as you
struggle to solve a very large number of pressing problems facing
humanity.

'Nough said. Good luck taking over the world. Remember: if you don't try
then you won't be able to sleep at night, ever again (final evil laugh).
